Edge/edge on kubernetes (#1399)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/edge-k8s/manage-edge-bundle/undeploy-operator.md

---
weight: 30

> title: Uninstalling Operator

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Uninstalling Edge Operator
```

layout: redirect
---

> Run this command for removing the Operator from your Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run this command for removing the operator from your Kubernetes cluster.
```

```bash
helm uninstall c8yedge-operator -n c8yedge 
```
{{< c8y-admon-info >}}

> Substitute the namespace name, which is currently **c8yedge** in the command, with the namespace name where you have installed the Operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Substitute the namespace name *c8yedge* in the command above with the namespace name where you have installed the operator.
```
